Add documentation and tutorial for svelte:fragment (#6097)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/docs/02-template-syntax.md

</Widget>
```

> Named slots can also be used with components `<Component slot="name" />`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components can be placed in a named slot using the syntax `<Component slot="name" />`.
```

> In order to place content in a slot without losing the flow layout (ie: without using a wrapper element) you can use the special element `<svelte:fragment>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to place content in a slot without using a wrapper element, you can use the special element `<svelte:fragment>`.
```

The explanation in parenthesis is clearer, removing the need to the additional elaboration.

```sv
<svelte:options tag="my-custom-element"/>
```

### `<svelte:fragment>`

> The `<svelte:fragment>` allows you to place content in a named [docs](docs#slot_name) without wrapping it in a container, this allows to keep intact the flow layout of your document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<svelte:fragment>` element allows you to place content in a named [docs](docs#slot_name) without wrapping it in a container. This keeps the flow layout of your document intact.
```

> The `<svelte:fragment>` element allows you to place content in a named [docs](docs#slot_name) without wrapping it in a container DOM element. This keeps the flow layout of your document intact.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `<svelte:fragment>` element allows you to place content in a [named slot](docs#slot_name) without wrapping it in a container DOM element. This keeps the flow layout of your document intact.
```

I'm guessing at the intent here, but this looks correct.
